howdy y'all
I'm here at the top bar beehive and I
wanted to show you a couple of new
acquisitions that I got I'm getting
tired of getting stung in the face so I
got this nice handy B veil and this is
this is a self-contained when you don't
have to have a separate helmet but it's
really nice be almost stung me right
there and I got a smoker I got both of
these from dad ant dead ant I think is
the name of the place but the smoker is
really high quality reasonable price at
$20 and this was about $20 too and with
shipping I think I paid $55 total so I'm
excited to go ahead and I'll be able to
show you whether they have done anything
I don't think I need to smoke them
because it's colder and they're already
blocking up the entrance so I'm just
gonna take a look in there real quick
now I know I won't get stuck stuck in
the face and look like I've been in a
boxing match but another time I'll do a
video on how this works okay I'm all
shrout it up yeah I got this on here
let's take the lid off
okay let us see they feel they have been
sticking this down I forget what they
call that stuff they used to stick
things down with but I can feel that it
is stuck down there's nothing on that
one nothing on that one few bees ah look
at this they are building on the bars
let me move these over here
ooh this is very exciting so the top bar
bee hive is in fact working if you can
see right there they've started to build
on that bar what happened was I drilled
out the back of the birdhouse if you
look at an early video there's a
birdhouse in there in which the bees had
oughta had started in so I drilled out
the back of it and they they built comb
right out the back of the birdhouse let
me go ahead and I'm not gonna be happy
about this but this looks like they've
got it on two bars here well that stuff
is sticky so there's number one they've
got honey in there beautiful very nice
and there's number two bar so that looks
good
that looks very good made a quick
picture of some of this
this is so great so there you have it a
top bar beehive can be transplanted from
birdhouse and put that over there but
you can see look at that they have got
comb coming out of the back of this
birdhouse here big comb and now they're
building new comb and this is comb with
honey in it so we are in good shape
praise the Lord for that so let me put
all this stuff back together and I'll
get this video up that's so exciting
I've had bees a long time this first
time I've ever actually had them in a
configuration where I can harvest the
honey so I will put this up and share it
with y'all and good night